Create a Banking System, where a user can 1) create a new account, 2) deposit money to a specific
account, 3) withdraw money from a specific account, 4) check the balance of a specific account, 5)
view the details of a specific account, and 6) view the details of all accounts. Each Account is
identified by its account number, balance, and the name of the account holder. The system should
be able to handle multiple accounts.
What you need to do:
1) Create a BankAccount class under the uap package and add the following.
a. Add 3 instance variables; name, id and balance.
b. Create a constructor which will take parameters for all attributes. Inside the constructor,
initialize the attributes with that parameter passed to the constructor.
c. Add the following methods as described;
i. public void deposit(double depAmount)
Inside the method increase the balance by the “depAmount” amount.
ii. public void withdraw(double withAmount)
Inside the method decrease the balance by “withAmount” amount. Do
necessary checks so that the balance does not become negative.
iii. public double getBalance()
Return the balance attribute from the method.
iv. public String toString()
Inside the method, display/print the value of the attributes.

2) Now create an application class (that has the main method) named “Bank” (under uap.app
package) which will have the main method.
o In the main method, create an array/ArrayList of BankAccount type. If you choose an
array, set the array size to 10. Name the array/ArrayList variable as accounts. After
creating the array, provide the following menu on the console and take appropriate
action. ▪ ‘1’ to create a new account.

• So, for this option, take input for the 3 fields (name, accNum, balance)
from the user. After taking the input, create a BankAccount object and
add the object to the accounts array.

▪ ‘2’ to deposit money.
• For this option, you have to ask the user for the account number of the

account s/he wants to deposit and amount of money s/he wants to
deposit. After taking the input do the following.
o Find the account from the Array
o If the account is available in the list, call the deposit method for
that object with appropriate parameters.

▪ ‘3’ to withdraw money.
• For this option, you have to ask the user for the account number of the
account s/he wants to deposit and amount of money s/he wants to
deposit. After taking the input do the following.
o Find the account from the Array
o If the account is available in the list, call the withdraw method for
that object with appropriate parameters.

▪ ‘4’ to display the balance of a specific account.
• For this option, you have to ask the user for the account number of the
account s/he wants to check the balance. After taking the input do the
following.
o Find the account from the Array
o If the account is available in the list, call the getBalalnce() method
for that object and print the output.
▪ ‘5’ to display the details of a specific account.
• For this option, you have to ask the user for the account number of the
account s/he wants to view the details. After taking the input do the
following.
o Find the account from the Array
o If the account is available in the list, call the display() method for
that object.
▪ ‘6’ to display the details of all accounts.
• For this option, do the following.
o Access each of the account object from the Array
o Call the display() method for each object.

▪ ‘0’ to exit the system.
• Come out of the loop if the user chooses this option.